---
layout: post
title: "CityU CSS 2016"
comments: true
categories:
- conferences
tags:
- CSS
---


# 1. Online experiment
Jaime Settle
## Intro
- Homophily vs social influence
  - The role of social networks in information diffusion, localized effect

- very small treatment effect
  - Get people to Vote, treatment, weak treatment, cheap to do it on facebook

- long standing correlation
  - Dynamic spread of happiness,

- The spread of behavior in an online social network experiment.
  - Centola, et al. created website, control the network structure.
## Data access
- internship, job or collaboration
- create an api or websites
- skillset (programming, statistics, computing clusters)
- creativity and time

## Design
- What do you Randomize?
- assumptions
- "intent to treat" effect
- treatment assignment
- treatment mechanism
## Reproducibility
- transparency
- Reproducibility
- replicability

# 2. Social network
Rob Ackland

ERGM Actor-network theory

# 3. Mining social text data
Xin Zhao

Good morning everyone. My name is Chengjun Wang, The moderator of the next speech. Our next speaker is Dr. Wayne Zhao, Wayne is an Assistant Professor in the School of Information, Renmin University of China. He received his Ph.D. from Peking University in 2014. His research interests include web text mining and natural language processing. He has published 30+ referred papers in top conferences or journals. He is the lead author of “Comparing Twitter and traditional media using topic models” . His title of presentation is Mining Social Text Data. Let’s welcome him.

Q1: Topic models are frequently used nowadays. In our applications of topic modeling, In some cases, the generated topics are too general, and in the other cases, the topics are too specific. How to tune the parameters of topic models to achieve a better result? Is it the right way to do it?

Q2:
For sentiment analysis, we have Lexicon-based method and machine learning method, What are the advantages and disadvantages of the two approaches?

Q3:
What are the values and limitations of deep learning for text data?

Thanks Wayne for his presentation which is very useful and comprehensive. We have xx minutes left for Q&A before lunch.
